hey guys uh today we're going to be
unboxing the America Provost colin
Provost's the new one that just came out
I got a my active for about 70 bucks so
yeah comes in a nice box here's the shoe
that has that's not least up yet it has
um the comes with some shoelaces black
plain black choices America tag in
america logo and the motto of the higher
quality motto then here's what it looks
like Lee step out I lace it up oh so
yeah and then now let's get to what it
looks like so it has provost on the
tongue with the America symbol has the
gold america logo on the back it says
america and then here's something I
liked it had the breathable mesh for
skating like so your foot can breathe
and it can feel whole it keeps your foot
Cole has nice sweet it's supposed to
last a long time um and the new bottom
of the America shoes it's like I think
it's also have like different kind of
padding on it so it looks nice nice
sides America on the inside as the souls
go Provost I can take it out
so yeah it's nice as crow it's kind of
thin for through Paris Kate it's like
yeah it's pretty thin for a skeet soul
but come on we put this back put the
inside of the shoe under the padding
under the sole makes it a lot more a lot
more padding like I like it I like these
shoes better than the ones i had before
my old Mkhize um I had those the encino
then see no look guys they so yeah I
like the Provos go buy yourself a pair
of Provost because they're pretty cool
and these eight thing so until next time
bye